Downloaded from
YTS.MX
My curiosity with the unknown
began when I was a kid
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
staring up at the stars.
I would obsess over the concept
of whether or not
we were alone in the universe.
Someone's freaking me out.
someone's walking over there.
And now my two friends.
Jason Mewes and Jamie Kennedy.
are coming along with me
to investigate.
Oh. I see it. I see it.
Right here.
That is not a satellite.
We're talking with experts...
It's craziness here that you can't
really put into a category.
..searching for
the elusive skinwalker...
I BLEEP saw a skinwalker.
No.
Look. and we got it on BLEEP tape.
..and are hellbent
to find out if aliens.
interdimensional beings.
and other unexplained
aerial phenomena are real.
(THEME MUSIC)
Alright. guys.
I brought you to the Uinta Basin
because this whole region.
you'll see.
you will never go to a place
and meet so many people who've had
so many paranormal experiences.
Most people think
"Oh. it's Skinwalker Ranch."
It's not. it's this
entire basin we're in.
Essentially. we're surrounded
by all these mountains...
Yeah.
..so it's kind of like
we're at the lowest point
in this. like.
valley that we're in.
Maybe there's something here
and we're on top of it.
It would be amazing finding
some evidence of a UFO. man.
I could see the headlines right now.
Yeah. dude. Totally.
I've heard numerous theories
as to what it is.
Some people think that this place
is some kind of ley line portal.
The way it was described
to me is a...
You know what a deck hook
is on an aircraft carrier?
It's those hooks that.
when the planes come in and land.
it. like. slows
the planes down?
Yeah. yeah.
They say that this is a deck hook
for interdimensional travel.
Wow.
So there's so much
magnetic energy here.
this is like an entry
point into our reality.
(LAUGHS)
Oh. dude!
Isn't that...
You just went so deep. so quick!
(LAUGHS)
Love it.
People have seen every sort
of craft imaginable out here.
They've seen the classic
saucers out here.
they've seen the lights
that move really intelligently.
Everything happens out here.
So. where are you guys at
with aliens?
I've always been open to them
and I totally believe. you know.
just like you guys do.
and I feel like there's
something missing and there's this
collective unconsciousness
that we want
to find out something bigger.
Mm-hm.
We've all done
a lot of cool stuff. you know.
Movies and TV shows
and it's been great.
But I do feel like I'm still
searching for this deeper meaning.
Yeah.
I do feel like if I found
something like this.
it would make me feel
a little bit more whole.
Does that make sense?
Deep. yeah. yeah.
Yeah. dude.
It sure does.
For me. for anything that's not
right up in my face proof.
uh. you know. it makes me
a little sceptical but I...
Really?
...I feel like it's possible.
I feel like why wouldn't there be
another planet out there
filled with people?
I don't believe we're the only ones.
I think it's crazy.
I think there's nothing unique
about life in the universe.
I just think we don't know
how to find it yet.
What do you guys
know about Skinwalker?
I never heard about it
until last month.
Really?
Yes.
And then since then. four times.
and then you guys hit me up.
Isn't it weird how the world
works like that sometimes?
Isn't that weird? Yeah.
Like. that's just something
in the ether right there
and it was just like...
Totally.
..like you're meant to be here.
I know.
I don't know about anything
about this area.
I don't know anything
about skinwalkers.
You know. of course
I know basic UFO stuff.
So some of the weird things
about Skinwalker
that people have reported are UFOs.
cryptids.
so like weirdass creatures.
Obviously skinwalkers.
which is a Native American.
uh. like a cursed medicine man that
will go and torment a rival tribe.
There's tons of weird
spirit-type things.
People have experienced time warps.
You name it. it happens here.
Wow.
Oh. dude. if we could find. like.
a way to go back in time. though...
We need a time warp.
It'd be so sweet. dude.
Maybe a time where all of a sudden.
we're back at the hotel.
2002 was so much better.
Yeah.
(LAUGHS)
I'll take the '90s.
Let's go for a little ride.
Shotgun.
Gonna go in the helicopter
hopefully to see a bird's eye view
of all these places
all in one shot from above.
Ooh. mic check one two. one two.
So we can get an idea
of what we're walking into.
Yeah.
(LAUGHS)
Look at that. dude.
Crazy.
Um. alright. guys.
so like the whole point
in why we're doing this
is we kind of just thought
we'd get an aerial understanding of
where we're gonna be investigating.
Are we allowed
to fly over these areas?
Yep.
You know what
I'm talking about. though?
Oh. I know what
you're talking about.
We're gonna get buzzed
by two F-16s pretty soon.
It's vast.
So do you guys see
why they call it the Basin?
'Cause. like. we're kind of...
Like. if you look.
we're in the middle of a valley.
but it's like the lowest point
in the valley.
Yeah.
Oh. yeah.
So we're gonna loop around
on. uh. McCoy Flats.
This is cool. look at that.
Massive.
Wow. dude. this is the view.
That is wild.
Yup. Skinwalker's right here.
Oh. look at that big circle
right there. guys.
Like it looks like...
Look at that.
It's almost like a big.
uh. what are those called?
The old-school time dials.
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. This is all Skinwalker
right here.
Wow. Yeah. what are the circles for?
That's just crop culture?
Yeah. just agriculture.
Seriously. this is. like. so crazy.
Seeing the whole basin from up here.
I don't know how we're gonna
cover it in just a few days.
Well. there you have it. man.
we got a bird's eye view.
It's very different
from the air versus the ground.
It's remote out there.
there is nothing out there.
It doesn't get any cooler than that.
No.
You know? It's like
if I was an alien race.
I mean. if you don't want
to be seen. then yeah.
Yeah. this is a place
to not be seen.
Yeah. honest to God.
it looked kind of peaceful.
But it could be one of those things
like that's how they suck you in.
We got to see these
different areas from up high.
but now we have to go. I think.
put our feet down and investigate.
Thank you. sir.
Next up. I've set up a phone call
with a friend of mine
named Jeremy Corbell.
Jeremy is
an investigative journalist
whose kind of area of expertise
is UFOs
and the high strangeness
that comes along with it.
So I think it's good to kind of
hear his take on things
and. you know.
Jeremy's a straight shooter.
He doesn't deal
in the world of paranoia.
he doesn't deal in the hysteria
that often follows
the subject matter.
(ZOOM CALL CONNECTS)
Jeremy Corbell. How are you. sir?
Thanks for. uh. taking
a minute to chat with us.
What's up. Jack?
So I'm with Jason Mewes
and I'm with Jamie Kennedy.
and we are up here
in the Uinta Basin.
What do you think
is going on in the area?
The Uinta Basin is a place
where the world is thin.
where there's a perforation.
Credible individuals
on a daily basis
experience and engage a phenomenon
that is not yet well-studied
by science.
And Skinwalker Ranch
was used as a living laboratory.
It is currently being used
as a living laboratory.
The National Institute
of Discovery Science
and then also the government program
were studying and using the ranch.
They would set up
these interactive games like.
you know. jacks and dice and cards.
and they would build things
and they would look
for communication.
and they would get responses.
There were movements
of these objects.
and it's all recorded
and it's very fascinating.
Do you think this place could be...
is some kind of weird energy vortex?
The Uinta Basin.
I don't know what's going on there.
But I do know
that if you really dig in
and you spend a little bit of time.
you will see an experience things
for yourself
that will shake the foundations
of what you think reality is.
So you believe that there
actually is potentially
physical danger related
to investigating the Uinta Basin?
Look.
Anywhere you are.
there is an element of danger
to. uh. looking
into the extraordinary.
You're entering a zone that
really is like the Twilight Zone.
where shadow and substance collide.
It's mythology. it's physical.
tangible things.
it's things
that we don't know about.
It is a place of high strangeness.
Every single person.
if you can get them to talk.
has a personal story
or knows somebody that does.
Now honestly.
it's so much around that area.
don't try to pretend like we know
what's going on there.
When you go there. remember.
throughout history.
the observer
becomes the observed.
OK.
Yeah. he seems to know a lot.
and I assume...
It sounded like he's been here.
I love that he's saying that
everybody here pretty much
either has a story
or knows someone who has a story.
Well. I think we know
where we need to go.
Yeah.
Yeah. let's do it.
Let's do it.
I'll grab this.
You know. it was good chatting
with Jeremy
and I think it was good for the guys
to hear it from him
because he's at the forefront
of so much information
that's coming out
about UFOs and extra-terrestrials
or interdimensional...
Whatever you want to call it.
And he gave some pretty
interesting points.
We're about to pull up
to Ryan Burns' property.
Um. Ryan Burns.
uh. has written a book
about Skinwalker and his personal
experiences that he's witnessed.
He's like an OG
Skinwalker investigator.
Hm.
We're also gonna meet
with Ben Hansen.
who was in the FBI for a period
of time and he's a UFO expert.
UFOlogist. and really. uh. has
a grasp of what's going on here.
Alrighty.
Ryan Burns.
(LAUGHS)
Ben Hansen.
What's up?
What's going on. gentlemen?
How's it going. my man?
Ben. nice to meet you.
Jamie.
Thanks for having us.
Jason.
Ben.
Alright. guys. Here we are.
What have you heard of
or what have you seen
within the last year
on this property?
I was with another researcher.
very. very good researcher
and there was three lights.
They were in sort of a formation
and they just flashed us.
about six feet above us.
Yeah. yeah.
Woah.
And...
Make... Did it make a noise?
It was totally silent.
Wow.
It went over a little bluff
and we heard kind of a thunk.
And we looked up over the crevasse
and we could see the puff of smoke
or dust where it had landed.
And from that spot.
it's gonna sound crazy.
sort of a amorphous. coagulating.
like. bunch of nanoparticles
just started spinning.
and it turned into a wolf
right in front of us.
What?
Right in front of us. yeah.
Hold on. So you saw
a large cylinder type of thing
and it formulated
a wolf. you're saying?
Yeah. it was like.
if you could picture
a bunch of gnats or bees
or something...
Yeah. yeah. makes sense.
..just spinning and then boom.
No way.
And then what happened to the wolf?
Wait. so then what happened?
So you see the wolf.
you're like. "Oh my gosh.
"Did we see that?"
And then what does
the wolf do. just run off?
We literally came in and. like.
we were so freaked out that we.
like. hugged each other.
At that point. it just
sort of unspun and dissipated.
Whoa.
You know. I signed up for hopefully
seeing some blinky lights.
I did not think this was part
of what it is.
and it is. yeah.
it is a little terrifying.
There's consequences getting to
interact with some of these things.
It's craziness here that you can't
really put into a category.
Yeah.
Right?
You don't get very far
telling these stories at parties
because people can't grasp
the bizarreness that happens.
Yeah.
Why here? Why the basin?
You could go back to the theories
of the Native Americans
and that perhaps it was a curse
that was put on one tribe
against another tribe. right.
and that the land itself is cursed.
Mm-hm. true.
Uh. it's anybody's guess. Those are
really hard things to test.
You know. there are some very unique
features that are only found
in this. this part of Utah
anywhere in the country. really.
You could get
into theories of portals.
In fact. he's got photos of things
that look like have opened up
and things have walked out of it.
That's what I want see.
And. you know. I don't know how much
you filled the guys in
on the craziness here.
but one of the rules. of course.
is you don't dig. right?
Yeah.
When you dig. activity heightens.
Yeah. it means you probably
don't want to be next
to an oil rig digging 24/7.
What I've heard from the oil workers
and some of their girlfriends
is that they leave offerings.
a sandwich or something so that
they don't get messed with.
And it works?
I guess. I don't know.
Wow.
Wow. Interesting. interesting.
A sandwich.
One thing about the basin. right?
It seems like there's an energy.
when you come here.
whatever you come with.
whatever emotion you come with.
if you come fearful.
it amplifies the fear.
If you come here. you know. and
you're a little more. uh. open
and benevolent. it seems like those
people don't fare as badly.
Are there government agencies
out here conducting research?
Or is that just conspiracy theory?
Well. as you know. Jack.
the recent revelation
from the DOD was that right.
they had the. uh. AATIP program.
They put 22 million dollars
into. um.
looking at unidentified phenomena.
That also spun off
something else called AAWSAP.
which was the Advanced Aerospace
Weapons Applications Program.
where they were actually
trying to make weapons
to deal with these advanced threats.
So if the government thinks
that this is a threat.
it's probably a threat.
You actually think it's a threat?
These aren't just.
like. inquisitive beings
from somewhere
or drones or whatever?
It is a bit different than just.
say. having a UFO sighting.
I mean. you gotta remember
what was happening to livestock.
Yeah.
OK. in the basin.
Not just. again. the ranch.
a lot of cattle mutilations.
Uh. people's livelihoods
being destroyed.
And whatever this is.
if it's multiple things.
we don't really know. but it seems
to be toying with people.
So let me ask you.
'cause you've messed around a lot
with this stuff?
Too much.
Are you cool?
No.
So you have issues?
Yeah.
What do you mean. cool?
(LAUGHS)
Well. he looks healthy.
Don't poke the bear. so to speak.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
So. but you say stuff happens.
I clean up nice. but yeah. It's...
Dude. but why?
Why. since this is such
a trepidatious thing.
why do you mess with it?
We are dealing with something
that might be like
an alien artificial intelligence
and they're messing with us?
I want to know.
We want to dive into aliens.
Where do we go for that?
You guys should go to McCoy Flat.
More lights in the sky.
more stuff on the ground right now.
And that's a really active area.
so like Jack says.
this stuff. it just moves.
It's just constantly moving around.
When you say active. like.
what has happened in the last week?
I was just talking
to a guy right over here.
He said he goes out there
with a lawn chair and a six-pack.
He sits down and he says
before he has a chance
to get to his second beer.
the light show starts.
Wow.
I'm hoping that we find
something otherworldly.
We'll goof around. but you know.
when it comes to this. I'm serious.
I'm just an open-minded person.
And there's a lot of smoke
with aliens.
interdimensions.
shapeshifters.
There's a lot of smoke.
I want to find something. you know.
As long as it doesn't mess me up.
Can we circle up
at the end of the week
and we'd love to share with you...
If we find anything...
That would be awesome.
Yeah. let's do.
Alright.
Let's hit it.
It seems like whatever
the activity is here. it's all over.
And I think Ryan
made a really good point
that this energy
is a trickster energy
and it manifests into whatever
you fear the most.
So that's why I think
it's so random.
some people fear ghosts.
some people fear aliens.
some people fear cryptids.
and why are they here
and why are people seeing them here?
Are they actually here
or is this energy manifesting
into your worst nightmares?
00:17:43.560 -- 00:17:45.640 align:middle line:90% position:50%
So we're just getting
cameras all set.
Check. check. check.
We have a whole massive
area to cover.
Check. check. check.
We got it. it's checked.
Yeah. we got you. you're checked.
Alright. cool.
We've got cameras all around us. uh.
try and get as much sky as possible.
Camera 1 is kind of towards
the end of this parking lot area.
Number 2 is on top of the hill.
3 is facing kind of
towards the moon.
and 4 is way down south.
Really. this experience is more
about us observing the...
How's that? Woodchuck to Squirrel.
Woodchuck to Squirrel. how's that?
Uh. you're looking good.
you're coming in loud and clear.
Good. Let's do a full-on check.
# Yeah. move it like that.
mm-hm. uh-huh. #
Alright. Alright.
Alright. so I've done
my fair share of ghost hunts.
paranormal investigations.
but I've never done.
like. an official UFO hunt
like this.
I mean. I've done some stuff
but it's been. like. UFO-adjacent.
Well. we like tech too. you know.
for what we call skywatching.
So I asked Ben Hansen to join us
in our investigation
because Ben
is a professional UFOlogist.
He knows how to hunt UFOs.
We're gonna try
different techniques.
he's got some really cool tech
we can play with.
I've got some cool toys too.
so we're just gonna check out
this location
and see if we get anything. man.
This is what I would call
my basic setup
when I do these
things. right?
I use this when I fly.
Basically. this gives us an aerial
view. so if you have anything
that we're seeing in the sky.
one of the first things I like
to do is to eliminate it being
a commercial plane of some sort. OK?
So...
Will that tell you
if it's a commercial plane?
Every plane that's in the area
has to broadcast its data.
If you were to see something
in the sky and were not sure.
we would come to this
and we'd say.
"OK. well. what is there
in the area that's flying around?"
Well. right now.
there is no air traffic.
No.
The plane will give its data
and it'll say.
"Well. that's such and
such airline. Flight whatever."
Mm-hm.
It'll give its altitude.
um. its direction.
everything will
show up here.
That's awesome.
So that's just one tool.
We've got our cameras set up.
thanks to you guys.
we've got some coverage
on the ground.
Everyone should have
high-powered lights
that might come in use later.
We've got radios
to communicate to each other.
I wouldn't recommend
that we split up too far.
No.
Just because of the dangers
of everything that's out here.
But as we go out. we have got
night vision up the wazoo.
Jack's brought some. I have some.
This is military grade.
a new technology
called white phosphor
which amplifies it
about 80.000 times.
Holy BLEEP.
(LAUGHS)
Wow.
Look at the skies.
This is insane.
I see so many things
in the sky right now.
like I know they're probably not.
but they look like there's a bunch
of resting spaceships.
What are those flickering things?
Just stars.
The night vision is insane.
To put those on
and just to be able to just see
not only far but details.
It's like looking in the day.
Imagine seeing something
coming at you like rawr.
I know.
(LAUGHS)
So we have the night
vision to look up and see...
Hopefully we have lights to see
where we're going. compasses.
Basically tonight. we just want
to keep our eyes and ears open.
see what's out there.
see if we can see anything. right?
That's. that's the game plan.
Alright. let's do it.
Go. fight. win?
Yes.
Uh. uh. Skinwalker.
Skinwalkers!
There you go.
You got a chair?
I'm good.
Alright. have we got the night vizh?
We got the thermals.
Let's go!
Not that I know where I'm going.
but come on and follow me.
Oh. that's good.
(LAUGHS)
I think this is good.
I like this 'cause it's flat.
Alright.
Maybe right around here?
Are we all gonna sit
in the same spot?
Yeah. For now.
Oh. OK.
The more sky we can see. the better.
How about right here?
Alrighty.
Alright. guys. uh. crew.
do you think we can kill the lights
so that we can. uh.
pull out the night visions?
Go IR?
I'm seeing something moving!
I'm seeing something
I cannot identify.
Is it moving in a straight line?
I don't know.
It could be a satellite.
Oh. I see something moving.
Yes!
What is it?
Well. I'd say it's a satellite if it
keeps moving in a straight line.
Straight line?
Yeah.
It gets smaller. though.
That's what happens when things
move away. It's kind of fading out.
It's fading out.
So what happens is they go
into the earth's shadow.
And they can kind of look
like they just disappeared.
Yeah. I don't know
if I believe that.
(LAUGHS)
Oh. what the BLEEP is that?
I can see it with my naked eye.
No. there's one there.
That is not a satellite.
00:23:15.040 -- 00:23:17.520 align:middle line:65% position:50%
There's one there too.
Where's the other one?
Right there on the other side of it.
they're going at each other.
Yeah. they're going
opposite directions.
Satellites still.
Come on!
But you see what I'm saying?
You're gonna see
a gazillion more satellites
than you've ever
seen in your life.
No. come on. man.
Dude. I gotta take these off.
Ben. you see something moving.
I'm like "Oh. BLEEP what's that?"
And he's like. "Well.
that looks like Satellite G-75
"'cause what it is
is the same track..."
Every time I think I see something.
he tells me it's not.
So I saw something zip.
I'm like "What's that?"
And he's like "It's just
a shooting star." I was like OK.
Ben is. uh. he's a little bit
of a Benny...
What is it. Debbie Downer?
So Benny. Benny Bumout.
I think it's time that we. uh.
have you guys do some
sort of manifesting or something.
Do. uh. do what you do best
and put out your vibes.
Come. Come.
You know. of course you're
getting a vibe of. like.
wow. this is extraordinary.
Visually. it's unreal and just
something I've never seen.
I mean. there's so much being thrown
at me from beginning to end
that it's. you know. it's hard
to pinpoint your feelings.
Maybe we should try some signalling.
We can. uh. use the spotlights.
Basically. we're going
to introduce ourselves
and introduce our intent
of what we're here.
and then we can all do...
Maybe start with the same signal.
We'd approach it in the same way
as if we were going
to a paranormally active house
or something.
I'd say "My name is Ben Hansen."
"My name is Jack."
"My name's Jamie Kennedy."
"My name's Jason Mewes."
"And we're here to document evidence
and communicate.
"And to establish communication.
we have lights
"that if we shine these
into the sky. into the ground.
"if you're able to appear somewhere
"that we can see you or signal back.
please feel free to do so."
Has everyone got their light?
Yup.
Just point it straight up in the air
and then we'll go on. off.
on. off. on. off.
like three times.
OK. here we go.
One. two. three.
One...
Whoops.
Two. Gotta cycle through
the whole thing. three.
Now leave it off.
Keep scanning the sky.
keep looking down the horizon.
As you're looking over there.
let's look over this way.
So we're signalling again. right?
Yep. Two. three.
Two. Three.
Whoa!
What?
Crazy BLEEP shooting star.
Oh. Huh.
That was crazy. though.
That didn't look like
a shooting star. though.
Where?
It was right here. It went pshew.
It didn't have a trail to it.
You know shooting stars
will have a trail?
It literally just looked like
a star just moving without a trail.
Was it really fast or semi?
Super fast.
Oh. you see that light flash?
Where? Where?
OK. This is really odd.
Where?
Look where my flashlight is.
It's not moving.
Holy BLEEP.
Oh. crap. come.
come on. come on. come on.
There it is.
OK. got it. I got it.
What the BLEEP is that?
I got one. one flash.
Oh. I see it again!
It's not blinking
like a traditional plane.
That's weird.
Hold on. here comes a plane.
OK. I got something coming.
but it's...
That's a plane.
That's a plane we're looking at?
Yeah. that's one plane for sure.
But that's not what we were
just looking at.
That's every second.
Boom. Boom. Boom.
The other one that flashed.
it was like flash. one.
two. three. four. five. six...
It was quite lengthy.
Yeah. it was very lengthy.
That was not a plane.
I don't think. bro.
OK. I need someone
to reach for my tablet.
Right there. Jay.
Oh. yeah.
I want to make sure
this is not a plane.
So that's one going this way.
that's's going...
There's nothing flying away from us.
No. Wow. dude.
Oh. that's crazy.
I feel like we should
give another flash.
We'll do the flashlight. flash 'em.
And then I say we start moving down
towards. uh. base camp again.
That is a great plan.
Let's go.
Alright.
Who's ready?
I'm ready.
Three. two. one.
Why don't I have a light?
'Cause you gave it to me.
Alright.
Here. You can have my light. Jamie.
Well. I'm gonna do it after? And...
(LAUGHS)
"Here's a PS!"
PS.
I'm focused on one thing.
helping to spot something
out of the ordinary.
supernatural. uh. and such.
Not worried about other things
that could be lurking around.
animals or anything crazy
like that.
So. uh. there's no fear
but excitement.
It's the excitement and adrenaline
being like.
"Wow. I think I saw something."
Let's move up to the ridge
and I feel like if we get up there.
then we can see more.
Right now I can only see
this hilltop.
I can't see past it.
Sounds like a good plan.
Get higher. baby.
Alright. I'll fuck with that. Jay.
I'll fuck with that.
Alright. let's go!
Regulators. mount up!
Oh. I don't have my chair. Shit.
Alright. guys.
I found our spot.
Wow.
Wow. It looks a little flat.
I'm into this.
Where you going. bro?
Hey. bro. it's not cool
if you go by yourself.
You get bit by a rattlesnake. bro.
I'm not sucking the venom out.
Dude. this looks so cool
in the night vision.
what he looks like.
look at him.
One man on his journey.
Here's the deal.
I gotta go out alone.
I think that would be the way.
I think that's the way to see
some of this shit.
When it knows you're vulnerable.
This is the Jamie Kennedy
Paranormal Experience.
Ha ha. yeah!
Yeah. spin-off.
What's over here?
Where?
It's a shack right there.
Have you looked
through the night vision?
I just saw something over here.
Really?
Where's our... No. the campground's
right there. bro.
Campground's here.
Holy crap. there's something
back there. dude.
00:30:47.320 -- 00:30:49.960 align:middle line:65% position:50%
There was something back here.
just turned on and turned off.
The beam...
Was it like a visible light?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
It had a light looking at us
and when I went like this.
it saw me put the pointer on it
and it turned its light off.
I'm looking through the thermal
and I'm not seeing anyone.
No? Whoa. dude.
That's crazy. then.
I would see someone moving around
if there was someone out there.
Right there's our campground.
'cause look at our campground.
see how there's a light?
Are you fucking serious? Right here.
OK. I just saw another blink.
There's another blink.
Turn your light off.
Over there? Oh. oh. oh.
Hold on. turn your light off.
Right in that same area.
there was a slight blink.
Yup. yup.
It's not coming up on thermal.
whatever the fuck that is.
It blinked and then...
Right there.
It's. like. travelling.
Whatever it is not giving off
any heat signature.
so it's not someone out there.
I would see them.
It looked like they were just
standing there watching us.
and then when I put my pointer
towards it.
it was like.
"Turn off the light. shoot."
I thought it was our base camp.
That's crazy. see?
The observers become the observed.
I got. like. two flashes
before it disappeared.
Dude. I don't know. this is weird.
If it is aware of us
and it's curious about us...
Yeah.
..so far. it's been
at quite a distance.
It's almost like
it's kind of circling us
but it wouldn't have
to turn on a light
if it didn't want to. right?
We're assuming.
Yeah.
It's almost like it wanted you
to see that.
And it was some kind of light.
some kind of...
This middle of this area
where there's definitely no roads.
so it definitely wasn't a car.
it wasn't a motorcycle. it was...
And it wasn't anybody from the crew.
Like. I can't explain that
and it was definitely something
very. very strange.
What. four or five witnesses?
Like. that's pretty significant.
If someone was messing with us.
your thermal should've picked up
on it.
Yeah. didn't.
And there was.
there's nobody out there
and it looked like
it was moving faster
than a person could be running
in the dark over this terrain.
so it was.
it was very weird.
So I think we should. uh.
maybe call it for the night.
Start reviewing some of the footage.
seeing if any of the stationary
cameras picked up anything.
Yes.
And. uh. reconvene about tomorrow.
Sounds like a plan.
I like it. and we can go through
all of the. uh. items we have
and see if we want to bring
anything different. uh. tomorrow.
Alright. Let's go!
Uh. my first. like.
real UFO investigation.
um. pretty interesting.
You know. we got some results.
I think the tactic moving forward
is to kind of keep it along the same.
You know. we've gotta
interview witnesses.
we gotta find great locations
to go investigate.
and we gotta post up
and watch the skies.
Hey. guys. check this out.
So at the 45 second mark.
look right here.
See this odd blip.
See that?
Oh. wow. yeah.
We did catch it. this is what we
were seeing down here in the valley.
Yes. And we were concerned
that we didn't catch it.
The fact that you reacted
at the same time...
Yeah.
..tells me that it wasn't
an insect right in front
of the camera here because
it was seen down below us.
100 percent.
and you can even see me look.
I look. 'cause I'm like
"Oh. that's the camp."
and I'm like.
"Wait. no. there's the camp."
We had the night vision and we
didn't see anything around.
so it couldn't have been someone
driving a bicycle or anything.
Mm-hm.
And other people saw it.
so I wasn't seeing things.
Well. and the fact that it was
kind of flared up. you know.
from the camera's point of view here
tells me
it was actually pretty bright.
because it looks like it's happening
just right there in the sage.
but it's really down in the valley.
Yeah.
So it's pretty big.
So look at this.
I found this really interesting.
We saw lights that were pulsing.
Yes.
Yep.
So tell me when you see it flash.
Right there.
Yep.
OK. Now watch again nearby.
there it goes again.
Oh!
Yep. yep.
OK. Each time it flashes.
it's slightly moving.
Mm-hm.
The easiest explanation is
it's gonna be...It's a plane.
But most anti-collision lights
on planes
don't just do single strobe.
they'll do like a double strobe.
You at least have...
Have to have your beacon on.
which is normally red and that's
like a steady pulse. right?
OK.
So I'm gonna put it in my box
of "Ehh. interesting. interesting."
I like it. I like it. as long
as you got a box for that.
To me it's still exciting.
This is just the first day. so...
Yeah.
So I'm really excited.
'cause we got that on video.
And I wish it was a little bit
clearer. but hey.
beggars can't be choosers.
And I know in the area
that we even see on video.
which is great. it was
a big open field like this.
so it wasn't a road. it didn't
happen to be a fast passing car.
This absolutely correlates
with the activity
that Ryan was discussing yesterday
with the strange light anomalies.
I was actually expecting. uh. less.
I didn't think we caught anything
when. uh. Jay saw
that mysterious light.
Um. so I was pleased
that we got something.
I mean. I'm not 100 percent sure
that that is the light he saw.
but there is some
strange flare going on.
Was it definitively a UFO?
Can't say.
But is it anomalous? Yup.
Well. I think it's important
that we continue meeting people.
hearing these eyewitness
testimonies.
I love adventure.
Searching for things unknown
is an adventure.
And I hope we can avoid
the negative things
and just enjoy the company. uh.
of Jack and Jamie and myself
and all the people we meet and get
to hear what they have to say.
So we just got done
reviewing some evidence.
Um. so now it's time
to talk to locals.
We want to canvass the basin
and get as many witness accounts
as possible to help us figure out
what our next moves are
in this investigation.
Why are we meeting out here?
You're now here to show
you some areas of the oil field
that. uh.
scare the crap out of me.
It's 108.
Yeah. It's 108 degrees out.
We couldn't meet in your garage?
No.
OK.
You gotta live it.
(CHUCKLES)
I've been prior
law enforcement. retired.
uh. private investigations
after that.
Having had a background
in anthropology and archaeology.
I decided
to melt the two together
and investigate things
that dealt with. uh. ancient
uh. historical data that was lost
and a lot of the unexplainable
that goes along with that.
I live in East Carbon. Utah.
and I've had rather
unusual experiences
with. uh. non-human entities.
OK.
I'm a tribal member of the Uintah
and Ouray Indian reservation here.
which encompasses over two and
a half million acres.
I'm also part of the.
uh. Lakota nation
from up in North
and South Dakota.
We've always known about this.
uh. the Skinwalker Ranch area.
Actually. it's burial grounds around
all those cliffs around it.
so that whole area
was known as kind of.
I wouldn't say evil.
but there was a negative force.
First time I ever saw
a skinwalker was out here.
A skinwalker?
Yeah.
What did it look like?
I backed up my truck to the well.
I had the lights on on the truck
so you could see.
And as I looked through
the mirror behind my truck.
this thing was underneath my truck.
so I sort of
peeked through the mirror.
This thing stands up
from underneath the truck.
puts its hand on there.
and looks right at the mirror.
Well. the truck sits about
12 feet up from the trailer.
It's probably two feet under that.
So when it stood up.
it stood straight up
and it looked like a fox. his face.
But its eyes were brilliant blue.
Wow. The way you did that
was. like...
Yeah. It stood up.
Manny.
Yeah.
Like. it's...
Well. how do you know
it's a skinwalker?
Another way to tell.
it's a wolf-looking thing.
A wolf?
Wolf. fox. coyote.
It had the face
of a coyote. almost.
Like Wile E. Coyote?
Yeah. like Wile E. Coyote.
For the last several years.
I'd been focusing on the petroglyphs
and pictographs
that are in this area.
Those really do fascinate me
because it's just so amazing
that people. like.
sat and drew stories out on the wall
and they are there
for so long.
What's crazy to hear is it looks
like you're watching a horror movie.
Yeah.
Or science fiction movie.
And there's aerial phenomena
that you can see.
In Nine Mile Canyon.
you have what look to be UFOs
with aliens and it's showing uplift.
it's showing stuff coming out of it.
There is a spot where there are
26 different figures coming out.
five species out of what looks
to be a portal.
00:39:56.200 -- 00:39:58.600 align:middle line:68% position:50%
When was the last time you had.
uh. an encounter
with a non-human entity?
This orb has been following me
ever since
my first encounter
with this entity.
In 2008. I started having
these visitations
from a non-human
humanoid-type being.
Could you describe
what it looked like?
Yeah. He was dark brown.
He had a large cranium
with three. uh. ridges
that had one main ridge
in the centre of the skull
and then one smaller one
on each side.
Uh. he had large black...
They weren't the typical oval eyes.
These were more round.
But they were like four or five
times bigger than a human.
He had a very narrow. petite chin.
He was about five and a half
foot tall.
He had a very small mouth.
he never talked.
The only time he had talked.
it was done telepathically.
Wow.
We were always told
to stay away from this river.
stay away from these cliffs.
You know. stay away
from all this area.
And especially at night. you know.
And in regards to skinwalkers.
I'll just say I have
no beef with them. just so they know
I have no beef with them.
I feed 'em. I take 'em offerings.
I joke. I tease.
They like it
when you're happy. but any...
I'd say that too.
But anyhow...
You should put that
out there. right?
Yeah. Yeah. Yes. absolutely.
What was another experience you had?
If you look back behind you.
Skinwalker Ranch
is right back there.
I had three UFOs come out
of that area right there.
three glowing
amber lights come up.
and then they all sort of moved
to the right. basically going east.
It flew probably
a good 30. 40 yards out.
It pulled up. went next
to each other like this.
and then spun this way. whsst.
This and then just...
They disappeared.
they just turned
into dots and poof. gone.
And then. hyperspeeded?
Yeah. I don't know if hyperspeed.
but it disappeared.
Wow. Really?
Yeah.
How come I never get
to see this shit?
We're at. uh.
Bottle Hollow Reservoir.
and the history behind this
reservoir is just intense.
This place was filled in by the
Army Corps of Engineers in 1970.
but before that. it was a canyon
that had supposed
strange occurrences.
Um. UFOs had been seen.
I'll show you a photo.
This is before the water
was. uh. filled in
to the canyon
and turned into a reservoir.
What you're looking at.
there is a location
that would be right over here.
right where we're at.
OK. Mm-hm.
And it looks like
there was a huge runway.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
In the ground. And I...
I see that right there on top. yeah.
Yeah. it looks to have been
a huge runway
leading right into the canyon wall
just on the other side.
The roads have been created. uh.
by the Ute tribe in what looks
to be. uh. geoglyphs.
It's these huge circles that are in
these patterns that can. guess what?
Only be seen from the air.
Wow.
And it's massive.
And guess where it's at?
It's right on the other side
of where this runway used to be.
What have you seen?
You seem like you've got
a wealth of alien knowledge?
I've seen quite
a bit here in the basin.
One that comes to mind
that was unforgettable for me
was I have this feeling
to go for a drive one night.
end up in. uh.
Wolf Creek Pass.
And I notice this light
up on the ridge.
It started to move along
this ridge line.
Did this for. like. 15 minutes.
it was pretty slow.
And then it zipped back
to its original spot
and then just went shoop.
like to nothing.
It was almost like it powered down.
And then in that same spot.
it started to. like.
build back up energy or something.
That's when I got the one picture.
Oh. OK.
Ooh.
I got it when
it was powering back up.
but you can see the shape of it.
The last time I had
an encounter with him.
he came and after a while.
what seemed like a couple minutes.
everything turned to fuzzy white
and I passed out.
And I came to. I was lying face down
on a. uh. what looked like
a stainless steel table
and the room was full
of these entities.
And there was also humans in there
wearing white lab coats.
Do you think that the drilling
has anything to do with it?
They say once you dig in the earth.
the earth digs into you.
Well. could be.
Could be a way of trying
to get people to stop drilling.
But I'm not for sure on that.
'Cause it is land that was
somebody else's before ours.
Do you feel that it's.
like. a Native American
spiritual thing happening.
or do you think it's otherworldly?
I think it's more otherworldly.
I purchased several
different magnetometers.
which reads the magnetic level
of the earth's centre
at a specific location
on the land.
I went through this basin
and took hundreds of data points.
which took weeks.
I came across three magnetic
atypical readings.
which were so phenomenal.
These three magnetic readings
were down
to a negative 14 microtesla
all the way up
to about a 50 microtesla.
So we're getting these reads
that are going from a negative 14
all the way up to about 50.
that should never happen.
Yeah. yeah.
Unless we're coming up against
an atypical magnetic structure or...
Where you know. or maybe
some places you do know
and you're like.
"Oh. look. here's something.
"there's something built under."
Like if someone has a bomb shelter.
you might get a reading
like that. right?
You would absolutely.
because there's less of that space
in between the centre of the earth
to where we are on the top.
OK.
But to get this constant flux...
Yeah.
..it should never happen.
no matter where we are.
Unless something massive
is underground.
like some type of device or a craft
or some type of vehicle
or. uh. an underground building
or structure
that we're just not aware of.
And all three of these readings
were in a diagonal. perfectly
straight line at 8.34 degrees.
and it runs right through
the centre of Skinwalker Ranch.
All these experiences.
have they stuck with you?
They stick to me to the point
that I don't like being out here
alone at night
in the oil field anymore.
So what do you do?
Working days now.
so I don't have to
come out here at night.
Definitely don't get
creeped out anymore.
'cause as you see.
you can see for miles.
Nothing's gonna creep you out
here during the day.
So that's why you wanted
to meet during the day?
Yeah. It's a lot easier.
You come out here. you don't feel
that weird presence at night.
Really?
Yeah.
I think it's kind of peaceful.
I think.
It is peaceful
until you get out there.
Especially if you had experience.
you get out there
and you're like "OK. I know
there's stuff out here."
so you're on edge.
So this is real. this has
got you freaked out. huh?
Yeah. Creeps me out. Till you
lived through it. you don't know.
There's a lot more stuff
going on instead of just here.
Out towards Fantasy Canyon
and out towards the east.
out those wells towards Colorado.
there's a lot of stuff
still out more that way.
Fantasy...Fantasy Canyon.
Yep.
So after talking to these guys.
I feel that. you know.
they definitely shed
some light on things.
It's all just more evidence
of what we're doing.
more accounts of situations.
more proof. more things that are.
you know. it just adds value
to what. uh. we're here.
It just brings the excitement
to what we're doing here.
Manny said the place to go
was Fantasy Canyon.
And I. you know. with all respect.
I haven't seen anything yet.
So. gotta go to Fantasy Canyon
and see what is up.
00:48:38.840 -- 00:48:40.600 align:middle line:90% position:50%
Are we doing this?
Alright. gents. Fantasy Canyon.
Who interviewed the dude
that was like.
"Fantasy Canyon is the shit"?
I did.
Yeah. yeah.
So he said that's where he sees
the most crazy stuff.
What kind of stuff did he say
he witnessed out there?
Uh. skinwalker was
in his truck. Uh...
In his truck?
Yeah. behind the chains.
What?!
Uh. a little bit of fox
with blue eyes.
This sounds like this is gonna be
the spot. right here.
Did he feel like people should be
fearful of their own safety?
Yeah. he said he was very
scared and he said
he saw things that just looked
very. very. very frightening to him.
And always alone. Always alone.
So that's the thing is.
we're gonna have to split up.
But what if we don't split up.
'cause I'm afraid to split up.
so what if I. like.
get on your shoulders
and you wear. like. a trenchcoat?
Mm-hm.
And we look like
a really tall person.
All three of us could do it.
Done.
I did think it was very ominous.
what Jeremy was saying about
if you're looking for something.
it will be looking back at you.
Remember. throughout history.
the observer becomes the observed.
You're not frightened. James?
Dude. it's eerie.
It can be eerie.
If we came face
to face with something.
we'd be getting observed.
hopefully only observed
and not bum-rushed.
Mm-hm.
We'll try to. uh. be very quiet.
Yeah. I think silence.
silence is gonna be golden in this.
Yeah. Ben is not with us tonight.
where it's just us.
We're gonna just be out there
with a childlike sense of wonder.
You got the stuff.
We got all the stuff.
You got
the night goggles. right?
Yep.
Yeah. you got the goodies.
The training wheels are off
and we're ready to go.
I'm in.
We have to do one of these. bro.
One. two. three. skinwalker.
Yo. Fantasy Canyon.
here we come. my friends.
Ooh. I love how
we're all talking about. like.
the craziness
and it just gets dark and gloomy.
Already I feel like just.
just travelling here...
Feels weird. Different. right?
Different.
Fucking wild.
Whoa!
That lightning!
Yeah. look at this.
Look at these rocks. man.
This is wild.
Ahh!
Look at that.
This is. like. dinosaurs.
Whoa!
Shizzle.
That was fucking nuts!
Yeah. dude.
It's lightning.
The fact that as soon as we started
our drive to Fantasy Canyon.
the weather went from. like.
100 degrees and clear
to all of a sudden thunderstorms
is concerning.
It's like something doesn't
want us out here tonight.
I just thought I saw something.
like. running alongside of us.
Shut the fuck up.
I swear. I'm not kidding.
Are you serious?
I'm looking. I'm looking. though.
Like up on the ridge?
Right where...
It's where that barrel is.
Like. that deep.
But I swear when I looked over.
I saw something.
like. hauling ass with us.
Here we go. look. Fantasy Canyon.
Ain't no cell service
out here. boys. Shit.
This is like the type of shit
where shit will pop out
from a rock. I'm serious.
Alright. boys.
We're here. boys. let's go.
Ooh. this is weird.
(SIGHS)
Wow.
Alright. so here's the plan.
We've got all sorts of gear.
everything from ghost gear
to. like. high-level
night vision and thermal.
Alright. let me see here. Radar.
Yeah.
You see something moving.
we blast it.
Ba-dew.
(LAUGHS)
And we'll see if we can get it.
You're bringing the machete?
Dude. I'm bringing this
because if we come face to face
with one of these things.
respect. but...
Fair enough.
This was such a great...
Ooh. that's good.
Yeah.
I mean. you can hear
a bee fart with this.
One of your farts.
Oh. you don't need this.
Bro.
We got these.
I'm gonna take these. thank you.
I think this is what
you're looking for. young man.
Oh. hell yeah.
Is this what you're looking for?
Those are what you're looking for.
These are what you need.
The golden goose.
Alrighty. Got that.
I got my flashlight.
Yeah. I got my light.
my laser. my night vision.
The vibe in itself is just.
you know. you get a feeling.
like a different feeling
of something...
Something's watching you
or something's around.
Like I don't know. but I just.
it feels that way.
you start to feel like.
it's just unreal.
Is this where we're doing
the offering?
Put that right in the circle.
Right here in the circle.
I don't know if we just. like. leave
a can and leave a pack of smokes.
Let's get the machete. bro.
Try to chop the can right in half.
You really want to do that?
Yeah. We gotta open it for 'em.
Are you kidding me?
No. I'm not kidding.
Give it a skippity-bop-bop.
What if they don't have
the technology to open up a can?
I think that's stupid.
Alright. you gonna give it a chop?
But you can do it.
You want me to chop it?
Have at it. friend.
Alright. This is for y'all
and all who might like it.
Should I go for it? You ready?
Do it.
Oh...
Look at that. Look at that.
Like a glove.
Yeah. I know you...
It's open now. bro.
"I know you're from another galaxy.
let me give you some dented corn."
OK. there we go. Corny love.
There we go!
There we go. exactly. now.
That knife is sharp as hell. bro.
There is thy corn.
Here's some tobacco. here's some
corn. We mean no disrespect.
No disrespect.
I don't know. Jay throws a pack
of Marlboro reds in there
and fucking corn from Costco?
It's like Jesus Christ.
and then he. like. opens it.
like fucking janky style
and cuts it in half.
I think that was a little...
That was. like.
disrespectful to the spirits.
Um. so hopefully
they don't get pissed off.
Let's go.
This is some of
the craziest rocks I've ever seen.
whoa. it is slippery up here. boys.
Ho-ho. shit.
This is insane.
This is one of the craziest
looking places I've ever seen.
I feel like the energy
here's a different energy
from where we were.
Yeah.
We should trek up there.
OK.
00:55:29.600 -- 00:55:31.720 align:middle line:90% position:50%
We should cruise in.
we should find a good vantage point.
Yeah.
On. like. a hilltop
and we should just hunker down.
Ooh. alright.
I think this is the good spot.
Alright. here we go.
Oh. Yeah. baby.
Alright. guys. let's do.
like. a bit of an intention.
We left you guys. uh. an offering.
Let's just sit here for a minute.
If you look that way. Jack...
Yeah.
..there's something blinking
on the horizon.
Oh. yeah.
You see that?
Yeah.
There's two things. What is that?
It's not a plane.
This one isn't.
That's blinking big time. right?
The one underneath.
but it's not moving.
It's all over the place.
It's erratic. It's erratic.
That's super erratic.
I'm gonna track it for a little bit.
Yeah. dude. it's moving.
but barely. Like...
Yeah.
Look at the...
Look at on both sides.
those aren't moving.
No.
You think they're stars?
I don't know.
Wait. the other one is starting
to go up in the air. dude.
So is that the bottom moving
right now? It's going up.
That...it's weird.
The blinking's gone.
The blinking has gone.
I'd rather see a craft
right now than a creature.
Mm.
To be real with you.
You know?
Yeah.
I feel like this would be. like.
where creatures would. like...
Hide out.
Yeah. right?
Whoa.
What is that?
Do you see the little black?
Yeah.
OK. Now watch.
It seems like it didn't move.
But after Jay puts his light there.
there's nothing there.
Right. I'm gonna put
the light up. watch out.
OK. three. two. one. go.
Huh. Now turn it off.
It's so weird!
Yeah. right?
What the fuck?
Right?
That's so weird.
It's something black there.
Not moving.
It could be a crevasse
and that way. we are a shadow.
Yeah. It's so weird.
I know.
See it there?
Yeah.
And now it's gone.
It's like when you observe it.
it's gone.
Through the night vision.
when we looked across these canyons.
it looked like someone
was stood there.
and then when you shine the
flashlight. there was nothing there.
I don't know. it's really odd.
00:58:56.240 -- 00:58:58.640 align:middle line:65% position:50%
Alright. Let's. uh.
let's go off on our own.
So the three of are gonna separate
and go our kind of own ways
and do some bit
of exploring around.
Apparently skinwalkers only tend
to show up when you're alone.
I'm gonna post up.
I'm gonna try to listen.
(WHIMPERS)
Brr.
Oh. shit.
Like. what makes something
out of straw that's in
this kind of weather?
Dude. there's something else
that's been in here.
(SCREAMS)
Oh. shit. dude.
There could be hundreds in here.
we better get out of here.
I never seen a real bat.
Or what if it's
a shapeshifter. bro? Straight up.
There's a feeling
that it's not just animals.
It could be many things.
Now whose tracks are these?
Now look at this clay.
That's grey and that's red.
Like something was burned
or it bled out. Is this blood?
There's streaks of red all over
these mountains. Fascinating.
Oh. shit. This looks like
some kind of graveyard
from back in the day.
Look at that one.
That's like Transylvania
or some shit.
What if this is more
than aliens?
What if this is vampires?
Oh. shit. Shit.
Look at this.
It goes deep in there.
That hole keeps going.
Damn. that's like a total
hiding spot. This is intense.
There's something out here.
I don't know what.
Oh. fuck.
Something just freaked me out.
someone's walking over there.
Who's over there? Look.
You see?
Who is that?
Must be one of us. 'cause they're
walking towards the cars.
No. he just fucking turned.
Now they're running.
Whoever the fuck they're...
Who is that?
Now he's running full belt.
You can see them. right?
Holy fuck. dude.
They just walked over the ridge.
Who the BLEEP is that?
I literally just watched someone
come from behind the hill
and I thought
it was one of our crew.
And it's like oh.
he's going towards the cars.
Must be one of us. 'cause they're
walking towards the cars.
No. he just fucking turned.
Now they're running.
And he just fucking kept running
and they're. like. somewhere
in this region here.
That was fucking weird.
Who the fuck was that?!
We need to go find
whoever the fuck that is.
Did I just see a fucking skinwalker?
OK. it was on the other side
of this.
They were in this.
like. gully right here.
It stopped here.
And then it took off this way
and started running.
And you see this
little berm right here?
It went over this. whoever it was.
Here we go. look. look.
Footprints. Look. see?
I told you. they were running.
OK. another one here. here. Here.
Who the fuck was this?
Dude. I think we saw
a fucking skinwalker. bro.
01:03:45.960 -- 01:03:48.320 align:middle line:65% position:50%
Can you radio and tell everyone
to come back to base camp?
He says...
We're coming!
Jamie.
Yeah.
You guys aren't gonna
fucking believe me
when I tell you this shit.
Dude. I swear to God.
I fucking saw a skinwalker.
No!
And we...
And we got it on fucking tape. dude.
No!
Dude. Dude. I'm like...
I saw some crazy shit. but...
Dude. there's fucking footprints.
Put it on something.
Dude. our corn and tobacco offerings
actually worked!
Jay. watch where you're stepping.
because there's tracks here.
Dude. I fucking shit do not.
I think I fucking saw a skinwalker.
Wait. what?
I'm up here on the ridge.
I'm looking through this.
I see someone come
marching around this bend.
you see how
the hills curves down here?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
And there's this gully.
I see someone...
But dude. I'm talking.
like. doing this shit.
like fucking marching.
And I'm like.
"Who the fuck is that?"
And I thought "Oh. is it maybe.
I don't know.
"is it one of the producers coming
back to get a battery or whatever?"
He starts walking and I see
he stops 'cause he sees the cars.
Yeah.
And there's no head torch.
And you know how fucking dark
it is right now?
Yeah.
He pivots and starts running.
Look at these footprints
right here. dude.
Is it a fucking hiker?
Dude. he starts fucking running.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. I can see.
Look here.
This isn't a big foot.
this is like a Size 7 foot.
Yeah.
OK. well. let's follow it.
I did and it ends. Look.
Look how light they are too.
some of them.
He comes belting through here.
But dude. where did he go?!
Is he going in. like. circles
right here and disappear?
And he comes through here. Jay.
Wow.
And he comes down right here.
right where you're walking.
Yeah.
I don't see more footprints.
Here. I'll show you where...
Here's a footprint here.
So this is my foot.
But I. dude. I got here
five minutes after.
Yeah.
And I'm fucking scanning everywhere
and I can't see anyone.
No. it's empty. it's empty.
They may have gone
to this oil thing over here.
We got him on tape. by the way.
I want to see that.
We have to play that back.
It must be one of us 'cause
they're walking towards the cars.
No. he just fucking turned.
Now they're running.
Well. guys. listen. we gotta
get back and review this.
I mean. I've been looking
for this for a long time now.
I'm guessing we probably spooked it.
The observers become the observed.
We're gonna play it back
and you're gonna see.
You're going to see.
Wow.
If this evidence
is something unexplainable.
this is. like. the crown jewel.
Unbelievable.
So last night. we captured
some pretty legit evidence.
I'm very excited to share it
with Jay and Jamie.
Apparently they found some
stuff too. we kind of split up
all the stuff and. you know.
reviewed amongst ourselves.
But yeah. we got some good stuff.
Alright.
Alright. alright. alright.
Wow.
Alright. my friend.
I'm excited because I know
you got something to show
and I know we got
something to show.
Oh. we do?
So. uh. Jamie and I
last night. uh. went over.
through some footage from the
stationary cameras we had placed.
I feel we got something a little odd
and you really have
to look right here. OK?
So you see this shadowy figure.
uh. thing right there.
Yeah.
Right now it looks like
a shadowy maybe
piece of rock or something.
But if you stare
right at that shadow...
Stare at it.
Shadow.
Huh. it. like. fades away.
Yeah. It just goes away.
But it was. like. standing there.
standing there.
And then there's a light.
And then all of a sudden. some...
Almost like it saw someone coming.
it said...
Yeah.
Holy shit.
That was a. like. it looks
like a silhouette.
Yep.
Right?
Yeah. even a little head.
you can even see it right there.
Yeah. and then it looks like it
moves there and then vanishes.
Whoa.
So no one was in this area
and it's way up there. so.
That's so weird.
What do you think that is?
Do you think that.
that is potentially a spirit?
Do you think that's an alien?
Do you think it's cryptid?
What do you think that is?
I don't. I don't even want
to try to figure out
what it might be except
for something awesome.
Because any of those things
you mentioned would be awesome.
but it's...I feel like it.
it is something.
So again. I don't want to speculate
'cause I feel like if it was
an alien. an alien has some kind of.
uh. luminescence glow
or some kind of. something sexy.
In my brain.
OK.
You know? Skinwalker. I feel
like. would move different.
Mm-hm.
You know?
I feel like this is almost. yeah.
more of a shaman spirit.
like he just sort of was like...
(BUZZING)
Like hovering.
And yeah. just sort of fiddles.
fizzles away.
OK.
That looks like a person.
It looks like a person stood there
with his arms down by his side
and just kind of like.
checking shit out.
Was creeping. yeah.
Remember we saw the black figure?
Yeah.
And then when we put light on it.
it wasn't there?
That's a kind of
a version of that. yeah?
Yeah. last night.
when we were back there
looking over and over about it.
I agree.
It's definitely something
that's not there when it's there.
Alright. guys.
Are you ready to see?
I'm ready to see the creme
de la creme of the crop.
I mean. that's not bad.
what we found. That is not bad.
I think it's good. yeah.
And that is a solid find.
Yeah.
Alright. gents. Brace yourselves.
01:10:17.520 -- 01:10:20.640 align:middle line:90% position:50%
Brace yourselves. OK.
Whoa. whoa. whoa! I see him!
Oh. shit.
What the fuck!
Oh. shit!
Look at how fucking fast
he's moving too.
Ohh. shit!
No head torch. nothing.
Look. and now he's going over.
Wait. why. he...
Go back. go back.
Go back. you bastich.
I see him right. right there.
Look how fast he's moving. dude.
nobody moves that fast.
You're right.
he totally saw the cars
and went this way and went...
Yeah. Yeah.
I thought he just went a beeline.
No.
He. like. is beelining it. and then
he sees and the he's like "Whoop!"
And then over that pass.
No. but the dude literally
was like...
Yeah. but our crew wasn't...
Oh. shit. a minivan. And then...
That's why I'm saying.
he wouldn't have left.
What the fuck?
Skinwalker. dude.
Dude. that's so bizarre.
That's an entity with no...
Now..
..stuff on. No lights.
That guy walking is pretty crazy.
Did it look. like. webbed
or winged or anything like that?
No.
But 1:45 in the morning.
disappears like.
there's definitely smoke.
There's a lot of smoke.
I haven't seen fire yet
but a lot of smoke.
We should pop back over there first.
Yeah.
And see if we can follow
where his tracks went.
Yeah. Let's do that.
And then I think we should start
going back to where he came from.
So now that the sun's up.
I want to recheck the area
that we saw this figure
walking through.
Hopefully we can get a better idea
of if it is or isn't a skinwalker.
Have you ever had
anything like that?
I've never captured
anything like that.
You've never captured an entity?
Not like that.
You're welcome.
(LAUGHS)
OK. so he kind of gets to here
and then he beelines it up.
So we know. remember. we found
his prints here last night.
Yeah.
But it rained some more. So...
Walk in each other's prints.
But yeah. we also gotta fan out
and see if we can see
where he came up.
Was this it? Yeah. this was it.
Now look. there's tracks down here.
Yeah. this is where we came.
So we were all walking
around here last night.
There is footprints here.
I think he would've gone.
continued this way on here.
What are these?
There's prints here.
A print here.
A print there.
He came through here.
Yeah. Yeah.
He came this way.
Yeah.
Whatever it is.
That's a big print.
Jamie. he came this way.
How do you know?
'Cause I'm seeing.
I'm seeing. like. footprints.
Here. look here.
Boom. Here. footprint. Here. here.
He came through here.
I want to do our test. I want to...
I want to get someone to run.
Yeah.
Let's see what it looks like.
see how fast we can go.
OK. I was right here.
Now. Anthony. can you hear me?
OK. I need you to head in.
into the canyon more.
Keep going.
Right there.
OK. hold on.
This is where you first saw him?
I saw him come from right
where Anthony is.
Alright. think Bigfoot
style power walk.
So I timed the video
and it takes that figure
10 seconds to cover this distance.
Alright. Start now.
Now!
In my head...
That's 10.
Yeah. I have 10 too. yup.
And boom. stop.
15 seconds.
So 15. 16 seconds almost.
Five seconds.
Yeah. I mean. the other guy
was hauling butt. dude.
Whatever. whoever.
whatever that was.
it was hauling almost...
Pretty quick.
Yeah.
I mean. if he was a lot taller.
'Cause he's moving pretty fast.
Yeah. but look. Let's. let's see
if we can sync this up.
OK.
He's definitely not running.
I think for me. I would love
to show this to Ryan
and see if he's ever seen
anything like this.
I know he has seen skinwalkers.
I would. I would love
to show it to him.
like. "Hey. is this anything
you've seen?"
Yeah.
"Is it common to see random people
roaming around Fantasy Canyon
"at 1:30
in the morning?"
No. yeah. yeah.
And moving that speed.
There. there's no sense...
He was like. trying his hardest
to move that fast.
Yeah.
Alright. let's head back.
Ryan's gonna meet us pretty soon
and I want to show the footage
to him and get his opinion.
Yeah.
01:16:01.200 -- 01:16:03.160 align:middle line:90% position:50%
Here he is.
There he is.
Look at that. you could see
that van from a mile away.
(WHISTLES)
Spacewolf. Ryan Burns.
Here comes Spacewolf.
What's up. dude?
How's it going. guys?
Good to see you.
The most well-dressed man
in the basin.
Really. that's a great vibe. bro.
Thanks. man.
I love it.
We got some stuff.
Oh. I'm excited.
Let's start with Night 1
when we were out
at McCoy Flats with Ben.
We were just getting started
and we saw something
flashing in the sky.
Oh. You see that light flash?
Where? Where?
This is really odd.
Where?
Look where my flashlight is.
It's not moving.
Holy shit.
You got it?
What the BLEEP is that?
I got one flash.
Oh. I see it again!
It looked like a satellite
but it wasn't moving.
and it was just pulsating
and then it stopped.
Later. we saw another light
moving across the flats.
Holy crap. there's something
back there. dude.
It's not coming up on thermal.
whatever the fuck that is.
Right there. It's. like. travelling.
Holy cow.
Now let's get into
our second investigation.
One piece in particular. I think
you'll. uh. greatly appreciate.
I was up at this rock.
like. kind of pile right there.
And I look and into this.
like. washed-out. dried riverbed.
I see someone just walking.
Yeah.
No headlight. nothing.
And just booking it.
and I'm like "Who is that?"
Must be one of us. 'cause they're
walking towards the cars.
No. he just fucking turned.
Now they're running.
Whoever the fuck that...
Who is that?
I could make out enough detail
in the thermal.
the guy was kind of
like a head walker.
like his head was kind
of hunched. hunched forward.
And he was really swinging his arms
and he was booking it.
Yeah.
He gets to about probably
30 yards from those poles.
and he looks up and we had
all our cars lined up here.
And he looks and I see him stop
and he pivots and runs
full speed over the hill.
He kept running. And they're. like.
somewhere in this region here.
That was fucking weird.
Who the fuck was that?!
I'll just show you on here.
OK. Watch where my laser pointer is.
Oh. totally.
Yeah. he's booking.
We lost him over the ridge
at this point.
It was covering ground pretty fast.
Yes. It covered what...
We just did an experiment.
One of our guys just tried
to cover the same distance
at. like. a full power stride.
Wow. Yeah.
And it took him 15 seconds.
In the video. he covers
the same distance in 10.
Yeah.
And the gentleman that did
the test for us. like.
runs every day. so he's not even
like someone that's out of shape.
He was going full blast and he
did it in. like 15 to 20 seconds.
This is not the easiest terrain.
No.
And the moon.
there was no moon last night
because the clouds were so dense.
That's right.
And it was pitch black out here.
1:45 in the morning.
It was raining out.
Yep.
There was no reason
for anyone to be out.
Oh. it was raining too?
It was raining.
And that. we found his tracks.
They start actually all the way
over by one of the oil pumps.
Yeah.
I got...here. I got photos.
actually. I can show you.
Of some in the mud. Um...
They look like a little shoe.
Yeah. they do look like small feet.
Oh. yeah. Which is weird.
Oh. wow.
We took it all the way.
the tracks. near the oil.
And then they just stopped.
And there was no car they came up.
Unless a helicopter dropped him off.
we don't know how he started there.
Here. you want to look.
check again?
Yeah. I totally do.
Last night I was buzzing 'cause I'm
like "Hang on a second here."
Yeah. you guys have
some pretty good stuff.
You think so?
Yeah.
I can't stop watching this.
Dude. keep watching it.
Since you see this.
have you seen anything like this
in your findings
or heard of something like this?
Well. it goes right along
the normal way
they act and react to people.
It. it seems to be
watching you at first.
Mm-hm.
And then you became aware of it
and it tried to evade.
They're usually in the shadows
watching people.
Yeah.
I think this is just phenomenal.
I had an expectation to see some
lights moving around the sky. maybe.
Yeah.
I was not expecting to capture
something like this.
That's. that's just not
your average nightwalker.
No.
(LAUGHS)
Well. I hope this did some justice.
'cause. uh. I don't know what
we could do better than that.
No. I think you guys
engaged with something
that most people
don't want to engage with.
Mm-hm.
It doesn't look as human
as I thought it would.
Yeah. Well. Ryan. thank you so much.
Thank you.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you. brother.
Thank you. guys.
Alright. Well. let's. uh.
load up the gear and get out.
Let's go. let's go.
And let's make sure
we have night vision.
Yes.
Thermal.
I think this could be a free-for-all
out here. Skinwalkers. aliens.
I mean. dude. it's a party.
Maybe this is the place where.
like. there's a little leak
in the system and things
kind of can pass through
and you're like "Oh. shit."
This is. like. Bourbon Street
for paranormal.
You know what I'm saying.
You know. the funny thing about
being in the Uinta Basin.
people are kind of drawn here
for specific things. UFOs.
portals. cryptids. skinwalkers.
But when you come here
looking for it.
I often find you find something
you're not looking for.
We came here looking for UFOs.
and I think we found something
that would go
into the "other than" category.
Yes. So we've seen a light.
we've seen a moving shadow.
Yep.
We've seen. uh.
something blinking in the sky
and we've seen a partridge
in a pear tree.
Mm-hm.
I've never been
to a place like this. ever.
Yeah.
It's its own realm over here.
It really is. it does feel
like a different place.
like its own entity.
Captioned by Ai-Media
ai-media.tv